Alright, hold on
If I was bein' honest
I'd say long as I could fuck three times a day
And not skip a meal, I'm good, eh
I used to work on my feet for seven dollars a hour
Call my momma like "Momma"
"I ain't makin' minimum wage, momma"
"I'm on, momma, I'm on"
"Now I'm makin' 400, 600, 800K, momma"
"To stand on my feet, momma"
"Play these songs, it's therapy, momma"
"They payin' me, momma"
"I should be payin' them"
I should be payin' y'all, honest to God
I'm just a guy, I'm not a god
Sometimes I feel like I'm a god, but I'm not a god
If I was I don't know which heaven would have me, momma
Let me run this bitch
I'ma run it into the ground, momma, the whole galaxy
God damn, fuck these lames, they don't want none
Fuck these lames, they don't want none
Fuck these niggas
Fuck these niggas, they don't want none
Fuck these niggas
Fuck you niggas
Fuck me if I hated on you
I'ma stick around
I'm gon' let my nuts hang
Nigga, you got some just like me, don't you?
Or maybe not just like me, you know I'm Africano Americano
And even if you're half Japanese, roots run deep
Family tree, throw a big shadow (Jammin' to the rhythm)
Tech company, please gimme immortality (It's a face to face)
I'm goin' rapidly, fadin' drastically (Keep me high, Castrati)
Yeah, or pull the zip down (Punani fade the stress)
Wet your lips first, lick the tip now (Bugatti left some stretch marks on that freeway)
Smoke some'n (Marks on that freeway)
They tryna find 2Pac
Don't let 'em find 2Pac
He evade the press
He escape the stress
La, da-da-da-da (La, da-da-da-da)
La, da-da-da-da
La, da-da-da
I'll keep quiet and let you run your phone bill up
I know you love to talk
I ain't on your schedule
I ain't on no schedule
I ain't had me a job since 2009
I ain't on no sales floor
You say I'm changin' on you
I feel like Selena, they wanna murder a nigga
Murder me like Selena
You must ain't get the memo
I don't cut bitches no more
But your bitch my exception
Come get her outta my four door
I only got one four door
Remember when I had that Lexus, no
Our friendship don't go back that far
Tyler slept on my sofa
Yeah, niggas go back that far
I ain't smoked all year
This the last song, so
I'm finna wipe that off
Tolerance is so low, still smoke a whole 'gar
Ménage on my birthday, tap out on the first stroke
'Cause this ain't no work day, she don't give head anyway
'Cuz what niggas say, that's what she tell her man
What a difference distance makes
Niggas want fight in the streets
Now shit starting to make my hands hurt
Jay hit me on the email, said I oughta act my net worth
Dog, this is chess now, not fetch, I ain't runnin' for a nigga
Ain't ran since track meet, that's the only time I ran from a nigga
You could change this track now
Could've changed this bitch a long time ago
Know and know, know and know
Shout out to Hollygrove, I'm from that 7th though
Twins know and Lance know
Clark know and Matt know
Shit went 180 on me, please, run that back though (Tucks 'til 24)
You say some shit about me? Tuck a real sport, nigga
That shit happened the second time?
'Cause Mark saw both times, I only saw the first time
The second time, Jerron was there, nigga
On God he grabbed me
Oh yeah, Jerron told me your ass especially told him
Yeah, 'cause the nigga tried to boom me in the face
I had AD in a headlock, nigga
Make sure you speak up
Okay
What's your name?
Ryan
Yo, aye be quiet
What's your name? What do you do?
What's your first memory?
The first word I learned to say, or that I ever said
What's the most amazing thing you've ever witnessed?
Uh, hell no
Friendship and how it controls the world
Hahaha, hahaha
Hahaha, alright, um
What three superpowers do you wish you had?
They say they have to be
Flying, super strength
Alright, what's your name?
Maybe we can get a little closer, a little bit, alittle bit, a little bit
I wish I could sleep without, like, being dead
But forever at the same time
Yo, what, what's, what's the... stop, stop, stop (What d'you mean, bro?)
And ships could fly
Buildings would be very, very tall and everybody won't
That's fucked up
Chloe!
Okay, start over right now
Best thing about being me is I got a nice set of frames
Pretty clear mind, I feel like sometimes
Probably, uh, being great
I think a lot, a lot, too much (Oh, man)
Talents, got any secret talents?
I don't think so
I'm pretty open and all in everything that I do
Talents? Um, I can play the theremin
Probably, uh, probably Tyler, his life seems pretty awesome
No, actually, no, fuck him
Um, I don't know
Probably Dill 'cause he doesn't have to do anything at all
Just sits inside his house
What's your name?
Sage Elsesser
What do you do?
I play soccer and I go to school
Um, I wanna be better at skating
It's probably... really high
It's super high, I tried to land, like, a handstand or something
Alright, that's it
I spend a couple hours with my family
And I go out and do everything that I ever thought about trying
How far is a light year? How far is a light year?
A second